Basically I stayed up the night before to answer some questions the prof. had on the slides. 

1. Nvidia -- 5 trillion dollars -- 7.5% weight on sp 500 @ 02:39 -- source investopedia, slickcharts.com/sp500
2. Delta electronics -- 132 billion, 4.52 trillion baht @ 02:45-- source bullfincher
3. Berkshire Hathaway Incorporated Class A stock at 728,000 - 735,000, 727,980 @ 02:46 -- source yahoo finance
    Berkshire Hathaway is a diversified holdings company owning businesses in insurance railroads energy and retail -- source investopedia
4. They are different business models entirely. Hershey is owned by the Hershey trust company and they make money off of candy brands such as Hershey's Reese's Kisses Kiit kats (under lincense) Twizzlers Jolly rancher as well as salty snacks chewing gums and lincesing agreements to third party manufacturers. Google is owned by alphabet and they have a combined business model in my opinion. (again just an opinion as this is the conclusion ive drawn from my own personal observations whereas the remarks in regards to hershey were summarized by gemini) google is an advertisement company parts office suite company cloud storage and ai company with other utilities such as its search engine maps and translator. the most notable part about google's business model is the way they package cloud storage with ai use. subscribing to a google plus subscription gives you not only extended drive capacity but also use in their frontier models at half the price of models such as gpt 5.5 and opus 4.8, with the added benefit of integration with the google ecosystem and an extensive context window of a million tokens. which is about the length of the entirety of the bible, though it is worth noting it can only output at most 65,000 tokens which is about half the first harry potter book and these capabilities are only accessible via api and google ai studio.
5. An IPO (Initial Public Offering) is the process by which a private company first sells shares of stock to the general public. Often called "going public," this transition allows the business to raise massive amounts of capital and transforms it from a private entity into a publicly traded company.
6. a merger is when two companies are merged into one entity whereas an acquisition is when the entities holding the company relinquish their ownership for compensation. the difference being in a merger the previous owners could still hold partial ownership within the merger.
7. AIS is known for superior coverage and network reliability whereas TRUE is known for network speed and aggressive promotional campaigns. note that this is typically beyond what I am familiar with.
8. technically speaking krungsri is a Japanese bank because according to their website MUFG Bank owns 76.88% of Bank of Ayudhya. it was merged in 2015 to comply with thailand's single presence policy which dictates that a foreign financial institution cannot operate as a branch and a local retail bank. so mufg cant open a mufg branch in thailand while still owning krungsri. so they integrated their bangkok operations right into krungsri and it handles japanese cross border retail, japanese yen accounts, and personal banking for japanese nationals in thailand. mufg stands for Mitsubishi United Financial of Japan. itself was a merger between mitsubishi tokyo financial group merged with ufj holdings. i guessed they were formed during a period of deregulation because of a real estate bubble in the 80's which left banks with trillions of yen in bad loans. sounds a lot like 2008 to me. they deregulated the commerical and trust banking sectors along with insurance which had kept these three sectors seperate. it was modeled after the uk's big bang. what that is im not entirely sure, I didnt look into it. because each bank were unable to survive on their own, they merged in a sort of financial darwinism. what remains are 3 megabanks in japan:

    1. mufg, merger of mitsubishi tokyo financial group and united financial of japan holdings.
  
    2. sumitomo mitsui banking corporations; smbc
  
    3. mizuho financial group.
